A Dip into Acid
===============

Some people cannot be trusted.

When I was fourteen, I made my parents call the police.  It had been a
particularly stressful night for all of us, myself included.  As usual, we had
gotten into a fight, screamed and yelled, and then I stormed out.  By the time I
had biked down to the local Kroger store and back, I had cooled down a great
deal.

When I returned, I came in, and my parents sat me down for a talk, again like
usual.  The thing that was unusual about this night was that unlike normal,
between the screaming and yelling, I had broken open four twenty-five-pound bags
of kitty litter and dumped them in big piles throughout the house.  I never
liked my chore of cleaning the litter boxes, but my parents refused to let me
change it for something else.

We were having our usual come-to-Jesus meeting, and in doing so, I begged my
parents not to call the police.  They had not done this before, but neither
before had I dumped one hundred pounds of kitty litter throughout the house.
My parents agreed, and my mother excused herself to the bathroom.

In hindsight, this was a big warning sign.  My parents never came to one of
their talks unprepared, and logically, that meant going to the bathroom
beforehand.  It would be very inconvenient to stop a lecture solely to use the
facilities, so they never did.

But this night, my mother did.  Then she returned and we finished up.  I was
told to take a shower and go to bed.  About the time that I was finished
showering, the door to the bathroom opened, the one to the commode and shower.
I was asked by a firefighter to come out, and of course I refused, since I was
naked.  They insisted that I come out, and I insisted right back that I would
not, until I was given my clothing.

// FIXME: several people
Finally, one of the firefighters handed me my clothes, and I dressed.  I opened
the door, and saw several people.  One of them asked me, "Will you accompany us
to the hospital?"  Of course I would, and I said so.  I did not think _why_ I
would need to go to the hospital; after all, I had never even broken a bone.

Outside, I got into the back of a police car, and off we went.  I waved to one
of my shocked neighbors and smiled.

When we got to West Oaks Psychiatric Hospital, we went inside and I was led to a
small room where my parents and another woman were seated.  I was, by this
point, quite nervous, and I sat down as requested.  This woman, I know now, was
an intake worker.

She informed me of my rights and provided me with a piece of paper listing them.
She told me, "Since you are being admitted voluntarily, these rights apply to
you."  I immediately corrected her, "I think you meant involuntarily."  "No,
because your parents have signed you in, it is voluntarily," she replied.  I
argued with her, pointing out that _I_ did not want to be there, and it really
did not matter what my parents did or did not do.  She informed me that my
parents could sign me in because I was under sixteen.  At one point, we got to
arguing, "Voluntarily." "Involuntarily."  Finally, I was tired and simply
refused to argue further.

Instead, I tried a different tactic: lying.  Of course, I was honest about
objective facts like my name and birthdate.  But when it came to more subtle
things, like desired occupation, I was not at all truthful.  I boldly proclaimed
my desired occupation to be that of a gay rights activist.  In reality, I had no
such intentions at that time, but I earnestly claimed exactly the opposite.  In
this way, I hoped, if I could not argue her to death, I could at least give her
meaningless information so as to make her job all the more difficult.

Unfortunately, all my deceitfulness came to naught.  I was escorted to the
adolescent unit and locked in.  The look of this place was that of a prison:
whitewashed cinder block walls and linoleum floors.  There was nothing calming
or soothing about it: it was sterile, functional, and unaesthetic.  Even calling
it minimalist would be inaccurate: it was obvious that absolutely no thought was
wasted on aesthetics.  This barren set of rooms was to be my home for the next
several weeks.

// Just take it incident.
My first night there, I was given some medication.  Logically, I wanted to know
what it was, and asked.  The nurse responded that the doctor had prescribed it
for me.  Of course, I had no clue which doctor, since I hadn't seen any doctor.
So I refused.  The nurse then told me, "Just take it," in a tone I didn't have
to question.  So I took it.  After all, I was just a scared fourteen-year-old
boy.

I soon saw that the way to get out was to be cooperative.  In fact, I was so
stunningly cooperative that many people would have wondered why I was there in
the first place.  That was exactly my plan: to be extremely good and wait it
out.  I figured out that getting out was something that would happen sooner or
later, and I tried my darnedest to make sure that it was sooner.

// vim:set filetype=asciidoc:
