I am an agnostic.  I do not know whether or not one or more deities exist.
Furthermore, I posit that only an omniscient person can know for certain whether
one or more deities exist.

Proving this requires two parts: that an omniscient person can know, and that a
non-omniscient person cannot.

If a person is omniscient, then that person knows whether one or more deities
exist, since that person knows everything.

If a person is non-omniscient, then there is at least one thing that person does
not know.  By Gödel's Incompleteness Theorem, there are an infinite number of
things that the person cannot know for certain, since they cannot be proven.
(Non-scientific ways of knowing things are outside the scope of this argument,
since this is a scientific argument.)  Any phenomena that explain the existence
of a god or gods might be better explained by something that the person does not
know, but the person does not know these things.  Furthermore, the existence of
a god or gods is not the simplest explanation and therefore violates Occam's
Razor.

Somehow, I am not comforted by this fact.  I enjoy scientific endeavors and am
very methodical in my thinking; this is what makes me a good computer
programmer.  It seems to me that the romantic side of the world is simply a
pleasant diversion.  I am missing something in my life—perhaps feelings.

I do not know why I seem to be without feelings.  I wish I could just dump my
mind onto paper, or the computer, or something.  I need to just dump my life—and
get it organized, was what I was thinking.  How fucked up is that?  I need to
organize my life, so it's nice and neat and clean and not at all romantic.  Life
is messy, and I hate messy.  I need to keep myself organized so I don't get out
of line, so I don't have to deal with that messiness, so I don't have to deal
with the fucked up-ness of it all, yet it's all fucked up.

Nothing is without organization in my life: if it's not organized, it should be.
I'm really organized, but really not.  I let the mess pile up because I can
never finish cleaning it up, not because I don't want it cleaned up.  I want to
clean up my life because the clutter is killing me; if it's neat, I can control
it, hold it where I want it, manipulate it.  I can control the only thing I
have: me.  I don't need to control other people, because I can't.  But I can't
control myself either, I can't have me be the way I want to be, and it's killing
me.

A belief in a god is too easy: it offers comfort without working for it.  It
makes everything simple: please God, and everything will be all right.  It's
warm and comforting, something I need but perhaps don't deserve.  I can't keep
it together.  I'm not sure what I need to do.

I feel like crying, but I can't.  I have to, I need to, but I can't.  I do what
I'm supposed to; can't I get some relief?  I need some real relief.  I need
something real.  SI makes it happen, but it isn't enough.  I don't cry because
I'm not supposed to, but I need to.  I need to feel something.  I need something
other than self-punishment.

// vim: set filetype=asciidoc:
